Add number and template number docs (#1283)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/number/index.rst

Number Component
================

.. seo::
    :description: Instructions for setting up number components in ESPHome.
    :image: folder-open.png

ESPHome has support for components to create a number entity. A number entity is
like a sensor that can read a value from a device, but is useful when that value
can be set by the user/frontend.

.. note::

>     Home Assistant 2021.07 or higher is required for ESPHome number entities to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Home Assistant Core 2021.7 or higher is required for ESPHome number entities to work.
```
